1. What is a proper definition of an IAM role  

IAM Users in multiple Users Groups
an IAM entity that defines a password policy for IAM Users 
an IAM entity that defines a set of permissions for making requests to AWS services, and will be used by an AWS services
Permissions assigned to IAM Users to preform actions

2. Which of the following is an IAM security tool?

IAM Credentials Report
IAM Root Account Manager 
IAM Services Report 
IAM Security Advisor

3. Which answer is INCORRECT regarding IAM Users?

IAM Users can belong to multiple User Groups
IAM Users don't have to belong to a User Group 
IAM Policies can be attached directly to IAM Users 
IAM Users acesss AWS services using root account credentials 

4. Which of the following is a best IAM practice?

create several IAM Users for one physical person 
don't use the root user account 
share your AWS account credentials with your colleague, so (s)he can preform a task for you 
Do not enable MFA for easier acesss

5. What are IAM Polices

A set of polices that define how AWS accounts interact with each other
JSON Documents that define a set of permissions for making requests to AWS services and can be used by IAM Users, User Group, and IAM Roles
A set of policies that define a password for IAM Users
A set of policies define by AWS that show how customers interact with AWS

6. What principle should you apply regarding IAM Permissions?

Grant most privilege
Grant more privilege if your employee ask you to
Grant least Privilege
Restrict root account permissions

7. What should you do to increase your root account security?

Remove permissions from the root account
Only access AWS servies through AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)
Don't create IAM Users, only access your AWS account using the root account
Enable Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)

8. IAM User Groups can contain IAM Users and other User Groups

True 
False

9. An IAM Policy consists of one or more statements. A statement of an IAM Policy consists of the following EXCEPT:

Effect 
Principle 
Version 
Action
Resource 
